# CS-340-Client-Server-Development
The way that I keep my code maintainable is to make sure that I keep everything as simple as possible. It is much easier to update a program when the way it works is as simple as it possibly can be so I avoid adding any extra features that are not required of me for projects like these as it can just lead to more errors. To maintain readability I make sure to use industry standard practices and to keep my variable names descriptive, hopefully having what the variable or function does in the name of the variable or function itself. In order to keep my code adaptable I try to keep as much of it as possible in the form of functions so that they can be modified for later uses. The logic in the function will still be there but you can change around the data it works with based on your situation. I approach a problem like this by doing as much research as I possibly can on the tools I will be using so that I am familiar with how they work and I then run a test driven development process to make sure that I am iteratively checking that everything works as expected. Something that was different about this assignment was how many different tools I had to use so the way I approached that was to look into more how they interacted with each other. I think that the role of a computer scientist is to make people's lives easier and to help them solve problems. In this case I made a program that made it easier for employees to search for the needed dog which in turn helps to solve a real world problem much faster than it otherwise could have been.
